fix: bring documentation and tutorials up to date with latest tooling (#106)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/language-support/python.md

1 + 2 = 3
```

See [`componentize-py`'s examples](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/componentize-py/tree/main/examples) to try out build HTTP, CLI, and TCP components from Python applications.

> ### Building a Component that exports an interface

Reviewer: Nit: capitalisation in this title is a bit random (as, admittedly, it was in the previous iteration).

(Longer term we should pick either Sentence case or Title Case and align all our headings around it.  But that's definitely out of scope for this PR!)

Author: Yeah maybe we add a style guide

> The [sample `add.wit` file](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wit) exports a function. However, to use your component from another component, it must export an interface. That being said, you rarely find WIT that does not contain an interface. Let's expand our example world to export an interface rather than directly export the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [sample `add.wit` file](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/tree/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wit) exports a function. However, to use your component from another component, it must export an interface. (Most WITs you'll see in the wild do use interfaces; we've been simplifying by exporting a function.)  Let's expand our example world to export an interface rather than directly export the function.
```

Or something like that.  Just trying to address the "wait why has the book been showing us the _exact thing_ it now says we'll rarely find" reaction.

Author: Good point. I also have an issue up to switch to using an interface in a different iteration

```wit
// add-interface.wit
package example:component;

interface add {
    add: func(a: u32, b: u32) -> u32;
}

world example {
    export add;
}
```

> If you peak at the bindings, you'll notice that we now implement a class for the `add` interface rather than for the `example` world. This is a consistent pattern. As you export more interfaces from your world, you implement more classes. Our add example gets the slight update of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you peek at the bindings, you'll notice that we now implement a class for the `add` interface rather than for the `example` world. This is a consistent pattern. As you export more interfaces from your world, you implement more classes. Our add example gets the slight update of:
```

pet peeve alert

Author: 🙈

```py
# app.py
import example

> class Add(example.Example):

Reviewer: The explanatory paragraph said "we now implement a class for the `add` interface rarher than the `example` world, but this still inherits from `example.Example`.  It would be good to clarify what makes this implement that specific interface (of all the ones in the `example` world).  Is it the class name?

Component built successfully
```

## Running components from Python Applications

Wasm components can also be invoked from Python applications. This walks through using tooling
to call the [`app.wasm` component from the examples](../../examples/example-host/add.wasm).

> Note: `wasmtime-py` does not currently support running components build with `componentize-py`. This is because `wasmtime-py` does not yet support [resources](../design/wit.md#resources), which components built with `componentize-py` always use, since `componentize-py` unconditionally imports most of the `wasi:cli` world.

First, install [Python 3.11 or later](https://www.python.org/) and [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) if you don't already have them. Then, install [`wasmtime-py`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime-py):

```sh
$ pip install wasmtime
```

First, generate the bindings to be able to call the component from a Python host application.

```sh
# Get an add component that does not import the WASI CLI world
$ wget https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/raw/main/component-model/examples/example-host/add.wasm
# Validate the component against the checksum

> $ echo "7a64aa30ac7d91b03448001dcdc23760a80c58ecaf220bc70998d49b88820440  add.wasm" | sha256sum --check

Reviewer: This feels like it could easy slip out of sync if we ever rebuild `add.wasm`.

Author: Should we remove the checksum since it is a module rather than an executable binary? Or we can add a `add-checksum` file next to it to make it more obvious

Reviewer: I'd probably remove the checksum because I have a childlike faith in the Wasm sandbox.  Having a checksum file available for people who want it is probably a decent plan, as long as we can automate maintenance.  Is the .wasm file built in CI or do authors build locally and check it in?

Author: > authors build locally and check it in
this one. Can can have CI for it in the future.

Author: I removed the checksum

$ python3 -m wasmtime.bindgen add.wasm --out-dir add
```

The generated package `add` has all of the requisite exports/imports for the component and is
annotated with types to assist with type-checking and self-documentation as much as possible. Inside the package is a `Root` class with an `add` function that calls the component's exported `add` function:

```py
# add/__init__.py
from .intrinsics import _clamp
import pathlib
import wasmtime

class Root:
    
    def __init__(self, store: wasmtime.Store) -> None:
        path = pathlib.Path(__file__).parent / ('root.core0.wasm')
        module = wasmtime.Module.from_file(store.engine, path)
        instance0 = wasmtime.Instance(store, module, []).exports(store)
        lift_callee0 = instance0["add"]
        assert(isinstance(lift_callee0, wasmtime.Func))
        self.lift_callee0 = lift_callee0
    def add(self, caller: wasmtime.Store, x: int, y: int) -> int:

>         ret = self.lift_callee0(caller, _clamp(x, -2147483648, 2147483647), _clamp(y, -2147483648, 2147483647))

Reviewer: Yikes!  Does the user need to understand all this stuff?!  Could we elide it, or move it to an "internals" section?  If not, can we clarify to readers what they should be looking at?

Author: This is all generated code that i wanted to show them in the docs. Normally in the docs, we have not shown the bindings that are generated -- so I will remove this section
